Now, since we're on the Linphone topic
we kinda wanted to go over some of
the essential, I guess, features on
the Linphone application, high-level.
>> Now, that you've finished
setting up the app, downloading it,
registering your account.
Let's just check all the essentials,
the settings, everything.
>> So this the application level,
highest level,
where you're interacting
with the application at.
Now, we have some screenshots
up there that you can see.
These are screenshots of
the Android version or
the iOS version, so they're very similar,
they're gonna look very, very similar.
>> Yeah, they're identical.
>> Yeah, and now the image on the left
is the top, I guess, half where you
see kinda your SIP account information and
then you scroll down the screen and
you get the bottom half which
is kind of your settings.
Right?
So, yeah, some of the main things you
wanna kinda look at here and this is
a short video, but your SIP account,
make sure you created your SIP account.
This is your identity,
your domain, so to say.
You wanna make sure that you're
choosing the right audio codecs.
For instance, what you're planning on
calling, I know that there's different
codecs for that, or
what your phone is capable of handling.
Video codes if you're planning on using
video chat or something like that.
Then you have your call options,
which I guess just essentially,
what is it?
Decides your prefix, suboptions, etc.
And network, your server, your port.
And we're gonna go over this again in SIP.
But most SIP ports, or most SIP is used
on ports 5060 and 5061.
And again,
we're going to talk about this more,
it just depends on whether you
want encrypted information or not.
And then, an advanced button
there that you can go into,
mess with debugging and
stuff like that with your server options.
But yeah, so, anyways, very high level
view of your Linphone application.
And, I'm pretty sure you could just get
all this information by downloading it and
playing with it.
So, that's what we would recommend.
Instead of just looking at it here on
the slides and listening to us talk.
Download Linphone on your Android,
on your DragonBoard, on your iPhone,
wherever you got right now
that you can work with.
And just check it out and play with it.
So, we'll see you in the next video.